add codesandboxer-fs docs (#2886)
codesandbox/codesandbox-client: packages/homepage/content/docs/2-importing.md

<iframe src="https://codesandbox.io/embed/9loovqj5oy?editorsize=70&fontsize=14&hidenavigation=1&runonclick=1" style="width:100%; height:500px; border:0; border-radius: 4px; overflow:hidden;" sandbox="allow-modals allow-forms allow-popups allow-scripts allow-same-origin"></iframe>

## Import single Component as a Sandbox

You can export a local component to CodeSandbox by using our other
[CLI](https://github.com/codesandbox/codesandboxer/tree/master/packages/codesandboxer-fs).

> You can install our CLI by running `npm install -g codesandbox`. Then you can

Reviewer: Should be this, right?

```suggestion
You can install our CLI by running `npm install -g codesandboxer-fs`. Then you can
```

Author: Yep!
